[Music]
well I'm here at all stars right now
with covers presented by HTC eSports to
interview an HTC eSports sponsored
player in Mike Young Mike we've talked
it's been so long since we've talked and
I'd love to get to do what's been
happening in your life since that last
interview
well I just played two games of the
ulcers today and how did they go the
first one was pretty good but then the
second one we threw a big lead yeah so
that was the game against China you guys
said have a big lead so in your mind
what happened
personally I made a pretty big mistake
and over address and I guess that's
something that I'm kind of new to
because I haven't really played in like
a high-pressure situation for the past
two months but it's kind of painful to
think about yeah that's tough what do
you what is it like playing with the
guys because a couple of them you know
aren't gonna be on TSM but it's probably
pretty fun to play with them and then a
couple of them are and this is the first
time that you're playing with those guys
so what's it like competing on this
lineup I think it's pretty interesting
to just play with different teammates
because they have different
personalities and play styles and do you
feel like it's all starts a useful
experience from you from a competitive
angle or is it more fun because I think
you know some people come in here and
and I you know you have not competed at
too many tournaments so I do you find
that this is helpful for you I think
it's going to be tremendous for me
because I've only played about seven
weeks pro play and playing with
different players playing in a high
stressful environment if I take would
take it seriously because most people
think that all sorts is just for fun
right but I want to get something more
out of it where I want to improve on my
skill set going into the next season so
I want to play like really aggressive or
play my best but I'd rather make my
mistakes here then when it matters the
most because I want to improve
my missed shortcomings and for you yeah
I mean it's interesting because like you
said a lot of people don't take this
event that seriously but it does seem
like North America's trying a decent
amount what do you expect the region to
do at the cement or how well do you
expect North America to do this event
well against Korea and China I think
those are we're underdogs right against
those against like the Asia regions
because they have a lot more synergy and
like Macker than us and they're coming
into this tournament not just taking it
like lightly so I think that I want to
prove that we don't want to just like
fall fall behind and we also want to
play just as aggressive and proactive as
them very good Mike is there anything
that you would like to say Judy the fans
out there that are watching all-star and
cheering on North America well just
coming off of a loss feels kind of bad
because I did make one of the bigger
mistakes that game but I ensure you that
like I don't take those mistakes lightly
and I will I will improve and make my
fans proud very good thank you so much
Mike for the interview for everyone else
you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel